Add showcase (#104)
apiobuild/docs: content/showcase/catmint/index.md

---
title: "Catmint Wheel Cake"

> description: "Catmint brings Taiwanese wheel cake to New York City though street fair appearance and weekly delivery."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Catmint brings Taiwanese wheel cake to New York City on various street fairs and weekly delivery."
```

> lead: "Catmint brings Taiwanese wheel cake to New York City though street fair appearance and weekly delivery."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lead: "Catmint brings Taiwanese wheel cake to New York City on various street fairs and weekly delivery."
```

date: 2021-10-07T12:04:41+01:00
lastmod: 2021-10-07T12:04:41+01:00
draft: false
images: ["catmint.png"]
link: "https://chopin.apiobuild.com/catmintwheelcake"
menu:
  showcase:
    parent: "chopin"
weight: 040
toc: false
---

## Story

> Catmint Wheel Cake has been a NYC food festival favorite serving the popular Taiwanese dessert since 2016 and opened their first brick and mortar location in the heart of Manhattan two years later. During the global pandemic in 2020, without too much of foot traffic in Manhattan, they decied to close the physical store and bring their sales online.

Reviewer: 標點符號很貴嗎 ... 念這句話會斷氣
